HZC-1196 - Update support.adoc (#20)
hazelcast/cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/support.adoc

= Support
:url-zendesk-hazelcast: https://hazelcast.zendesk.com/

Hazelcast Cloud has different support options depending on your requirements. Here are the support levels:

== Standard

Standard support is available for all users with non-free clusters.

> *Coverage:* 24 x 7 x 365

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Coverage:* 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year
```

*Support Channel:* link:{url-zendesk-hazelcast}[ZenDesk]

> *SLA:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Our Promise to Respond:*
```

SLA doesn't seem very friendly. If we would rather use SLA, we should write it in full for anyone who does not know what that means (Service-Level Agreement).

> First Response < 1 Business Day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will respond in less than one business day.
```

== Enterprise

> For enterprise support please email to mailto:sales@hazelcast.com[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in Enterprise support, contact us at mailto:sales@hazelcast.com[].
```

*Coverage:* 24 x 7 x 365

*Support channels:* link:{url-zendesk-hazelcast}[ZenDesk], Emergency Telephone Number

> *SLA*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Our Promise to Respond:*
```

> Severity 1: First Response < 30mins (24 x 7 x 365)

Reviewer: Perhaps we could give users an indication of what we mean by these severity levels?

Also why do we repeat '(24 x 7 x 365)'? We have already mentioned that under 'Coverage'.

Author: Could you please check the indications added?

Reviewer: Looks good, thanks. I just added some more context because high, medium, and low impact is ambiguous.

Author: All accepted, thanks a lot @JakeSCahill !!!

Severity 2 (a major incident with significant impact): First Response < 2 Hours

> Severity 3 (a minor incident with low impact): First Response < 4 Hours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Severity 3 (low impact on applications): We will respond in less than 4 hours.
```

> Severity 4 (an insignificant issue with little to no impact): First Response < 1 Business Day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Severity 4 (insignificant issue with little to no impact): We will respond in less than one business day.
```
